I lost my family three years ago they
would kill I have nothing left
I'm finding people who did this I'll
kill every last one of them I need your
help
stop don't panic be calm be still shoot
me what right here
we gotta get you rhythm section under
control and give your heart as the drums
your breathing to the base
[Applause]
[Music]
that's the easy part
what's the hard part living with it
we're gonna have to be some of them
let's go
[Music]
I'm gonna do this my way a lot of people
think that you're dead I get that a lot
they give you heart is the Trump's your
breathing is the face the rhythm section
what are you gonna do to me to fight we
take too long how long the menopause
will be a distant memory that's a good
stuff
you